#### V10.0.0 Alpha

1. New UI design.
2. Improve accessibility. #556
3. Improved navigation bar, support expand or collapse manually.
4. Support to select TLS protocol version.

##### Deploy

1. Added new download engine [Downloader](https://github.com/bezzad/Downloader) for users whole living outside mainland China.
2. Optimize the display of error messages.
3. Advanced settings are displayed on a separate page to avoid program lag due to setting application preferences.
4. Remove the less-used "Target Version", "Update Deadline" and "Update Channel" settings from the advanced settings.
5. Automatically checks file signatures before starting installer to ensure that the source of the files is secure.
6. Fixed an issue where the configuration could not be created as a language pack when creating an Office ISO.
7. Added a new button to set a installation package as installation source.
8. Support for checking compatibility of installation files and configurations.

##### Activate

1. Added new commands: /clAll, /clLicenses, /clKeys, stands for clear all licenses and keys, clear all licenses or clear all keys.

##### Toolbox

1. New UI for Office channel information.
2. Changing the Office update channel allows users to choose whether or not to check for updates.
3. Added help guides for some settings (Not yet completed).
4. Support for removing registry information for proofreading tools when removing Office. #559

##### Document converter

1. Supports selecting all files or all supported files when importing files.
2. Fixed the problem of not being able to output to video format when converting PowerPoint documents. #555

##### Hash checker

1. New hash check module, convenient for users to check any file (including Office ISO image).
2. Supports MD5, SHA-1, SHA-256, SHA-384, SHA-512.
3. Support importing multiple files at the same time, and support filtering files by search string.
4. Support comparing files based on the calculated hash value.
5. Support saving the results as plain text, CSV, Markdown or JSON files.
6. Support to automatic start computing hash value after the file import is completed.
7. Support to compute or re-compute hash value of selected files.
